docs: Add section for how to run a starter locally (#21057)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/creating-a-starter.md

For more accessibility help, check out the [A11y Project checklist](https://a11yproject.com/checklist) and [WebAIM](https://webaim.org). You can also check out [tips on creating accessible web apps](https://www.deque.com/blog/accessibility-tips-in-single-page-applications/) heavy on client-side JavaScript.

## Run your starter locally

> Running `gatsby develop` or `gatsby build` and then `gatsby serve` is all you need to do to ensure your starter is working. If you'd like to be extra thorough and make sure the `gatsby new` command works with your starter, you can run `gatsby new project-name ../relative/path/to/your/starter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since starters are Gatsby projects, you can run `gatsby develop` or `gatsby build` and then `gatsby serve` in order to ensure your starter is working. If you'd like to be extra thorough and make sure the `gatsby new` command works with your starter, you can run `gatsby new project-name ../relative/path/to/your/starter`, replacing the final part of that command with the appropriate relative path.
```
